net: fota_download: Add API to get fota image type (#4082)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

    * Updated to prevent reinitialization of param list in :c:func:`modem_info_init`.

>   * :ref:`lib_fota_download` library - Added an API to get image type that is being downloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`lib_fota_download` library:
  
     * Added an API to retrieve the image type that is being downloaded.
```

Author: Updated, thank you. More updates will be done to this library
